hello we have a rain here
I decided to shoot you a video about a snail joke
Of course I want to share one
I do n’t know by observation ask a question
be someone too noticed this in general
comrade gave me to sharpen his
new knife ontario rat 1
that's
sharpening it I found one
enough
curious but in the context of this knife
pay attention to this detail
the line that shine here by
see the edge of the butt on the butt removed chamfer
Well this is actually something that in other
knives for granted
Of course, but here we take a knife that I
got a few months ago on this
This is the one that Ontario sent me
guarantees
notice the shoes are just sharp
and these details are always justified by
what here
but what essentially survived here
something needs to be struck on this
magnesium mind rod
to visit the fire and that butt
it will be very convenient but
somehow there was really a lot
complaints at this moment and even met
and reviews from people who have cut themselves
about this shoe and kick here the knife is fresh
brand new bought just a couple of weeks
back 2014 and know was not
nice enough to see it because
I consider this treatment
increasing the cost of production that is it it
already more complicated and then there is still some
stage in the demolition of these here
sharp corners and I was very pleased
see on on such a budget plain
on the same as a completely different attitude
the fact that reigns in general to us alive
the market yes that is to reduce the price we go
very small such as if
insignificant but still improving i
I think that more people
will appreciate it at the moment because she even
those who were relatively indifferent here
such a sharp butt on their water
so here beside me
more will be those who rejoice
such a change in terms of processing
blade basically all the same but so
I just wanted to share a little ask
have seen have not seen what you think is beauty
our champion which year already and just
I hope you all had a good knife
interesting thanks for watching bye
bye Bye